You wait for me here
I'm going to drive
Ah, did you hear?
We have a super handsome guy in our hospital
You are in the recovery yard
I heard he is an overseas medical doctor
I just returned to China a few days ago to work in our hospital
I wonder if he has a girlfriend?
Look, there he is!
How much do you pay the doctor on WeChat?
Let's add a friend
There is a single bureau deputy doctor tonight, let's also participate
You are blind
Had a car accident as a child
Permanent damage to the optic nerve
I'm an eye doctor.
You go hang up my expert number.
I'll help you see if it's useless.
I have seen countless names
There's nothing they can do.
I'm not like them.
Yes, Miss Xia
Dr. Fu is a genius M.D. at Stanford
Dr. Fu just won the Nobel Prize in Medicine last year
Let him see it.
I'll tell you what.
If I can't cure your eyes
Then no other doctor in the world can cure it
Dr. Fu is really confident
Killed